>> Bianca Gandolfo: Who here didn't quite
understand recursion before this class,
and then now feels like they
have a better understanding?
You don't have to just, you don't have
to just say that to make me feel good.
I just wanna get your insight.
>> Student1: Sure, I definitely have
a better understanding of it now.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Cool,
what got you there?
>> Student1: I think the practice,
the implementing it.
It was helpful for
me when we talked about visualizing it.
I think you talked about
a snowball up a hill or something.
For me, I picture like sort of a staircase
that comes out and you walk back up.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
adding metaphors helped?
>> Student1: Yeah.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Got it.
>> Student2: I really liked when we
walked step by step through the code and
you had paced it and keep track.
That really I think clicked for me.
>> Student1: Yeah that was key.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Cool, yeah.
So kind of walking through the stack
frames and how the code is being executed?
Cool.
Cool, anything else?
Anything new, so
you probably heard of recursion before and
you probably used it before, right?
Is there a different way that you
used it in this class that you hadn't
used it before, that way?
>> Student3: That's
the same as the last idea.
It was really helpful,
tracking just the stack frames,
the one you showed us, using the example.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, so that's kind
of changed the way you thought about
recursion.
Yeah, instead of maybe something
magically is happening somewhere.
Or there's a lot of visualizations where
it has a function side of a function side
of a function side of a function.
Have you guys seen those?
Maybe if you research recursion,
like Fibonacci N -1,
N-2, and
it is like a bunch of parentheses?
Have you guys looked at that?
Who's seen that one?
>> Student1: I think I may have.
It's been a long, long time though,
ten years ago, maybe.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay, cool.
I guess my next question would be,
is this more helpful than that?
>> Student1: Going through those steps and
everything that's, I think,
very important.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Cool.
>> Student4: The part I didn't
really get before this class was,
I think before when I played
around with recursion,
the recursive call was always
the last thing in the method.
Which kinda changes how, or
it doesn't change how it works, but
it changes what you can do with it.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah.
>> Student4: If you act on it after,
it's differently.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah.
>> Student4: It's different.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
we learned how the location,
this is gonna be important later today,
of the recursive call,
Matters in terms of execution order.
Cool, awesome, yeah, this is really
important cuz we're gonna go there
later when we start traversing
trees in different orders,
the recursive calls are important.
Awesome, was there any exercise
that was particularly helpful?
>> Student1: When you walked us through,
there was one of them I
couldn't figure out on my own.
I think it was recursive multiplier or
something like that.
And then it was you walking us through
the solutions to that that helped me.
I don't remember if it was recursive
multiplier or what was the other one?
[INAUDIBLE]
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Sort,
almost like a reversing an array or
something.
>> Student1: Yeah it was multiply,
cuz then the reverse was the one after it.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Got it.
Cool.
So further study would be tail call
optimization which is available in ES6.
Learn more here.
Link to a blog post.